= Compass::InlineGradient

=== It's a alpha release. Next week (22 - 28 July 2013) I will release beta version with:
* Full linear gradient support (now don't work as native angles like 23deg, 58deg and other customs)
* Multiple gradients (like multiple backgrounds)
* Radial gradient support
* W3C closest-side syntax

This is a compass/sass extension for inline(data uri) linear gradients with already image optimization.
It convert css linear gradient syntax to data uri (base64) background-image.

=== Why use base64 background-images not native gradient?
Native css gradients have a lot of prefixes, you must use filters for IE, and IE9 and Opera needs inline svg gradients.
Just look at {this}[http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/] terrible default example.
But data uri (base64) has a excellent support. It's just don't work in IE 7-, and work fine in other browsers: desktop, mobile, everywhere.
You will have less code and more browser support. Use it!

N.B. inline-gradient function already using {TinyPNG API}[tinypng.org] for image optimization
P.S. I need this function more than anyone :) Stay online with me!

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'compass-inline-gradient'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install compass-inline-gradient

== Usage

See "example" folder in git repo for ready examples.

Code examples:

    some-css-selector {
        background-image: inline-gradient(linear, 200, 100, 90deg, red 0, green 100px, blue 200px);
    }

    some-css-selector {
        background-image: inline-gradient(linear, 200, 70, to left, red 0%, orange 16.67%, yellow 33.34%, green 50%, lightskyblue 66.67%, blue 83.33%, violet 100%);
    }

== Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

== Other
Add issues, I always answer.